# pphilMadlib
Once upon a time, there was an elderly king who ruled the kingdom of (Kansas). During his reign the kingdom prospered, but there was a dilemma. The king's wife died recently, leaving the king without an heir.
The king was getting weaker every day and was worried about the state the kingdom would be left in; the king needed to find a worthy successor. One day the king, decided to hold a contest, he gathered all of the (hungry) children in the kingdom and gave each of them one seed. 
"Whoever can grow the most magnificent plant, will be my heir," said the king. In the kingdom, there was a (hero) girl named Trinity.
Her family was struggling to make ends meet. After hearing about the king's contest, Trinity began to imagine a better life. Trinity (ate) her seed. 
She spent two months caring for it, but the seed wouldn't grow. The king was going to judge the plants in a few days and Trinity was starting to (panic). 
"How will I be able to win the contest if I can't get the seed to grow," Trinity said. Trinity thought long and hard about how to get the plant to (sprout). Just then her sister, Nova, came and offered advice, "If the seed won't grow just use another plant, no one will ever find out." Trinity thought about how easy it would be to (VERB). But she didn't want to start her new life based on lies. The day of the contest arrived, and all the children of the kingdom had beautiful and exotic plants, everyone except Trinity. 
Standing alone behind an empty pot, she kept her head down. The king (slowly) went to each plant until he stopped in front of Trinity. "Child where is your plant?" the king asked. Trinity could only cry (ferociously), tearfully explaining how she wasn't able to grow her plant, no matter how hard she tried. The king smiled, and cheerfully announced that Trinity would be his heir. "(Wow now)!" the crowd shouted, "Why her your majesty?!" The king answered, "because she is the only one who was honest; I boiled all of the seeds before handing them out to the children. The seeds were dead before you got them yet everyone besides this young girl presented a plant. I want someone with integrity to reign when I'm gone." Trinity was groomed to be the next ruler, once she became queen the kingdom prospered even more under her reign and she was beloved by everyone.
